Update tools documentation (#19761)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/tools/global-tools.md

Currently, .NET Core doesn't have a tool search feature. Here are some ways to find tools:

> * Search the [NuGet](https://www.nuget.org) website by using the ".NET tool" package type filter. For more information refer to: [Finding and choosing packages](/nuget/consume-packages/finding-and-choosing-packages)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Search the [NuGet](https://www.nuget.org) website by using the ".NET tool" package type filter. For more information, see [Finding and choosing packages](/nuget/consume-packages/finding-and-choosing-packages).
```
